[Music]
I can show you what love supposed to
feel
[Music]
like I can show you what love supposed
to
be I can show you what love to
feeling I can show you yeah I can show
you
[Music]
yeah the light under me every night but
Chas dreams ain't got time don't make
see we believe if you hear me
[Music]
yeah you're the light of me every night
Dr some dreams ain't got time
to make them see what we believe you and
me
[Music]
yeah yeah you're light me every night
Jas some dreams ain't got time to make
sh we believe if you and me
[Music]
yeah
the light inside me every night F and
dreams a got time to make them see we
believe you and
[Music]
me
oh
[Music]
ah
listen
[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
listen
oh
[Music]
yeah